Raised By Wolves Inc has been founded to provide an environment where all players have the opportunities and support they need to get better at PVP and where they in turn help those around them so that everyone can get the most out the game.

Our focus is on building combat-capable pilots who are able to have fun PVPing but importantly a place where you are treated as a member of a community rather than just a number in a fleet.


EVE is a rewarding but brutal environment. We provide resourcesin the form of skill books, e-learning, practical training and fitted ships to new players to empower them to learn by doing. It is only by making mistakes can players improve their skills and become more accomplished pilots. New players can start learning straight-away... although in the very first stages of the game you can learn just as much outside of the game as you can inside it, new players canbe incredibly effective PVPers within hours. We don’t believe in throwing new players into fleets as tackle only to die within the first moments of an engagement, we prefer our new players to gain initial experience of fleets as Electronic Warfare pilots where they can be hilariously effective in confounding the enemy.


Whilst we consider ourselves to be a learning corporation, we don’t discriminate against higher SP players. Bittervets need not apply however if longer-term players would like to share their EVE experiences with enthusiastic players with a thirst for knowledge we would be delighted to have you. This certainly doesn’t have to be formal training but a word of advice from a seasoned pro can be incredibly valuable. We are committed to continuous development so those players who would like to try their hand at FCing are very welcome to take fleets out which will be fully SRP’d. The one thing we would ask is that new players are treated with respect and courtesy. They are new to the game not infants!

Our corpvalues maturity, patience and intelligence. We do not accept bigotry in any form. Racist, sexist, homophobic or any other bigoted opinions are not welcome. Whilst corp chat, hipchat and TS can get a bit colourful we try to keep jokes the lighter shade of blue. You can expect a lot of innuendo and maybe a bit of swearing so our comms are probably best described as PG-13. We don’t smack-talk in local because today’s enemies are tomorrow’s friends. Do not make fun of someone who is just getting content.... In fact, don’t make fun of people in general! We don’t buy into the industry vs PVP rubbish. Whilst we are a PVP focussed corp if industry is your thing to help you fund PVP, have at it!

All pilots are considered responsible for making attempts to join ops and be knowledgeable about what we're doing. We don't expect anyone to quit their jobs to play EVE, and real life always comes first but a certain level of activity is expected to be a viable member. We want people who enjoy fighting, want to be better at fighting, and want to help others be better at fighting. We expect pilots to join our standing fleets when they're on, to use our TS3, to work together. Teamwork. You need to live where we live, be social with one another, understand that there's times when we're just chilling, and other times when we need all hands on deck. The largest expectation overall is that you enjoy EVE, you want to play some EVE, and you're down with working together on making the experience enjoyable. This is not a solo game, after all.

R3MUS: Our clones may have been born in a tube, but we were Raised By Wolves.